  Questions and Answers:

5. What is string subsequence method?

String SubSequence method returns a new character sequence of a given string. It takes two parameters, 
first parameter is the index where from the new sequence is meant to begin, and the second parameter is 
the end index. In the returned sequence, the given first index input character is the start/first index 
value, but the end index value is not included. All the characters beginning from given begin index and 
before end index are returned as a new sequence.



14. Difference between method overloading and constructor overloading?

More than one method with the same name can be created in the same class. They can take take and return 
different types. Constructors are methods with the same name as their class. A class can have more than 
one constructor, one that takes parameters and one that doesn't take any parameters. However, unlike
methods, constructors do not return anything. 



15. What is a default constructor?

At the time of creating an object using Wrapper method, i.e. using the new keyword, 
if a constructor is not created, Java invokes a constructor. This automatic constructor
available for every new object being created, is called a default constructor. 



16. How does .class file gets generated? 

A Java class file (.class file) is generated by Java compiler when a .java file is successfully compiled. 
A Java class file has .class extension which contains Java byte code. This .class file is then executed by
the Java Virtual Machine. If a .java file contains more than one class, then the Java compiler generated 
one .class file for each class. 


 
24. What is string and why string is immutable?  

In Java, String is an object that represents a sequence of characters. They can be created by either using
the literal method ( String s = "hello"), or using the new keyword (String s = new String("Hello"). The 
value or data of the string object can't be changed or modified, which is why string is immutable. For example,
if a string called "s" is created with value "hello", i.e. String s = "hello", if we try to change the value 
of s to something else e.g. String s2 ="hello", Java first checks the String pool memory, and since the value 
"hello" already exists, no new String object gets created. The value "hello" will still refer to string "s". 
 


